welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're going to stick with shutter's
recent releases and take a quick trip
through the supernatural spookfest
in the 2019 release z if you find
yourself confused about what's real or
imagined
try doing something concrete to anchor
you like subscribing to the channel
let's get to it we open on a curious and
whimsically imaginative young man named
josh
enjoying another normal morning spent
playing with his toy is like a soy boy
before being called down for breakfast
here we learn he's part of a loving and
supportive family consisting of his mom
beth
and his father kevin then it's off to
the carpool with his young bro mate
daniel
after leaving his mom finds herself
alone to enjoy her big empty house
at school we see that josh finds himself
somewhat set apart from his peers
oblivious to the social norms that would
allow him to participate in normal kid
activities
and the disappointment of his teacher is
palpable as is his schoolmates hatred of
him
at night his parents hear him actively
involved in self-play
in this case having a very rich and
detailed conversation with an imaginary
friend
afterwards it's time for lights out
where josh says his night nights listing
off
all the members of his family and
friends circle in the next morning they
started all again
on this day we do find out that beth
actually spends her days caring for her
sick mother who is approaching the final
leg of her long journey on this earth
and she has to do it alone as her sister
jenna can't bring herself to be present
we get the sense that there's choppy
water ahead as mom tells beth about
seeing glimpses of the other side
it appears to take no solace in worldly
comforts back at home while cleaning up
she makes an
unfortunate discovery as regards
chewie's biological status which has
been downgraded to plant food
then at dinner josh sets a place for his
new friend who appears to be giving josh
directions as he initially won't share
his name
but after some coaxing he does allow
josh to introduce him to the parents
via serial killer style scribbles later
on beth wrangles josh to bed after he
finishes a rousing game of hot lava with
z
then it's time for the good nights josh
chooses to include the ethereal in his
acknowledgments
wishing sweet dreams to both chewie
who's in gerbil heaven and
z who doesn't exist then he requests a
closed door
since zee likes it dark downstairs
beth's first instinct in response to
these changes is to try to fix
everything but
kevin isn't bothered by much and likes
to keep things cool and casual and he
suggests this is something josh will
just
outgrow eventually the school carpool
doesn't show the next morning requiring
beth to take josh in herself
then she goes back home to do some
cleaning and finds herself living the
first half of some popular tick tocks
but without the jump scare at the end
her chores are interrupted by a call
from the school informing her that josh
has been suspended indefinitely
josh is one of my favorite students
despite the
foul language and abusive behavior
you're suspending him for
of course it's all detailed in the red
cards they sent home which have been
coming back with old kevin's john
hancock on them
while our first inclination may be to
presume something
supernatural we are immediately shown
that the grievances
are recounted on red cards and that
kevin admits to signing and sending them
back
pulling the old boys will be boys line
of course the other boys in class are
not on indefinite suspension so
they agree to take him to a psychologist
strike a handle on this imaginary friend
situation
and are hoping dr seeger will have some
options for them to help foster his
active imagination without him being so
much of a weirdo about it but his
recommendation is that one of them take
on the friend role to fulfill his needs
in that area
their mutual worst nightmare when josh
drops z's name on his way out
seeger appears to be shook beth tries to
unpack some of this with jenna and also
tries to convince her to see mom
but jenna's afraid that seeing her mom
in her current state will compel her to
feel sorry
for her indicating there are some
deep-seated traumas at play within the
family
beth wakes up that night to the sound of
someone clomping around downstairs and
she ventures down to see if it's
possibly
some sort of a horse or man or a
horseman
but she just finds born old freak boy
downstairs
behaving as a freak he's making a
sandwich for z and trying to fulfill his
exacting requirements
beth convinces him to come back to bed
and in the interim someone eats the
sandwich
we find out their plans for the first
day of suspension are to rage out at
play zone where all the suspended kids
go to while away the seemingly
unending structureless days beth tries
her best to fulfill his needs but just
doesn't have the energy nor patience to
keep it up
but this man does beth runs toward the
sound of josh screaming and finds him
utterly destroyed but he was just faking
it you sucker
at dinner time beth is somewhat
disturbed by her vision of the naked
tube man
she tries to get this off her chest by
confiding in kevin and then he admits
that he also had a spooky interaction
with a strange and creepy figure who was
peering out at him from a dark corner of
the room
and she's like for reals no it was my
jacket
whoa what a [ __ ] the next day we
stare into the unending maw of the
nether realm
after sharing a survivor's cigarette
beth follows the sound of a strange
electronic voice in the basement
the old toy seems to only work for the
letter z but only when she's not
pressing it later we see beth trying
desperately to set up a play date for
josh but she discovers her son's been
burning bridges
all over town she does get a pity date
set up at daniel's house since his mom
owes her for ghosting her on the whole
carpool situation
she apologizes but explains that daniel
was deeply disturbed by josh's behavior
which included suggesting they harm
animals this is strange to beth because
while josh may be kind of weird he'd
certainly never hurt even a fly
josh pulls the old whoopsie daisy while
daniel learns that squirting josh
means taking a one year sabbatical from
playing soccer they decide to lean fully
into this really going all in on the
friend thing
hoping that fulfilling his brains out
will at least help him not be violent
and then beth crushes up some pills
which she slips into his milk when she
calls him down for lunch she finds that
josh has made a charming portrait of z
all over his wall cute at the counter
z's got his boys back telling him not to
drink his titty juice but beth convinces
him of the important role calcium plays
in helping a young boy grow up big and
strong
the next day we find beth and jenna
doing some cleanup at their mom's house
in the basement they uncover a box of
old memories maybe giving the hope that
she cared at least a little bit
and beth succumbs to the allure of the
unlabeled vhs tape
upstairs the cartoons are left unwatched
and beth finds josh in a bedroom staring
at a ceiling fan
at home she pops the tape into a vcr
that she still had laying around and
then watches herself as a young girl
playing like a little turd
and she's totally thrown when she hears
herself refer to her friend z
rather than explore this shocking
coincidence further she goes ahead and
burns the tape
as if that's gonna solve anything then
afternoon she has kevin paint over the
portrait of z
and then at dinner josh is feeling a bit
under the weather and starts puking his
guts out
beth is concerned this may be a side
effect of the pills so she calls in for
a nurse consultation to see if there are
any alternatives and here we learn that
kevin was not in on the medication
decision
well well well now we know what it feels
like to keep secrets kevin
later on she hears the call of the
alphabet board which now tries to speak
to her in code
she furiously jots down the sequence of
letters which seem to be requesting her
to imagine z
so her next move is to draw a warm
candlelit bath
natch as she tries to reconnect with her
old pal by repeatedly saying his name
there's a disturbance in the water when
she's joined for tubby time by an old
friend
and kevin tries to provide some comfort
to her despite thinking her an absolute
lunatic
at another time when beth is sorting
through some more old stuff she hears a
noise upstairs
she finds jenna crying in a bedroom now
sad that she didn't see her mommy before
she died
this shot establishes that jenna may
have developed some sort of a drinking
problem
and then also reveals more physical
evidence of beth's past with z
as though she's not already fully on
board after the tub incident
at home we find out that turd boy is
jealous that mommy's been playing with
his best friend so she calls dr seeger
very late to schedule an appointment for
herself
as things are getting awfully heavy he
goes through his records and shares them
with her revealing she went through a
similar cycle to josh but since she grew
out of it that must speak well for josh
right
no sadly not in a taped session child
beth confirms that zee told her he
intended to find her later in life
and the doctor suspects z is using josh
to connect with her so really she needs
to be working on her friendship with z
not josh at home kevin goes to check on
a noise upstairs missing beth's call of
warning because she's scared now
for some reason kevin is also confronted
by the noisy alphabet board and then
finds a fresh portrait on the wall and
then all the toys turn on creating an
eerie presentation before kevin gets a
physical manifestation when beth arrives
that shit's on fire y'all kevin is all
messed up on the floor and z decides to
play rough with josh
in a desperate attempt to save her son
beth offers herself disease
in friendship in exchange for josh an
unknown amount of time later we head
down to the tracks where beth and josh
are visiting jenna
beth is looking for some child care
assistance while she sorts things out
and here's where we're led to believe
that jenna's barely hanging on to the
threads of her own life but reluctantly
agrees to do what's necessary
beth hopes little money in the
responsibility of a child hanging over
her neck will help clean her up she then
returns to her childhood home
heading in and trying to will an
apparition this seems to work because
when night falls we see her playing hide
and seek this is part of the nightly
routine and must be adhered to before
bedtime
the next day she goes through the
standard steps of caring for an
imaginary pal which requires her to
mostly behave like a child but then dr
seeger arrives and ruins it he had a
conversation with jenna and is concerned
for her well-being he offers his
condolences for kevin and works to gain
her trust but then
z makes an appearance so she quickly
ushers him out for his own safety on his
way out he tries to instill in her the
idea that this is all in her head
as a result she tries to convince
herself that this is not real but z begs
to differ then she finds some sweet
repurposed wood laying around and
decides to do some home upgrades
at night she gets sentimental over some
old pictures of her family but has to
tuck it away quickly when z comes to
join her
naturally the next morning she finds her
phone crushed things go on like this for
a while
feed play have terrifying visions until
we find z ready for the next phase
luckily for her the honeymoon only
involves an invigorating game of hot
lava
she manipulates the rules of the game to
garner herself a few minutes of privacy
to check in with jenna and josh but she
goes back to check on z to find that he
easily found a way down and then he
bursts out of the house
beth calls jenna back to warn her but in
the span of a few seconds josh
disappears
before beth can get some sort of
resolution from jenna on what's going on
on her end
dr seeger shows back up for a wellness
check we see that ze has convinced josh
to play trains with an
actual train while back at the house dr
seeger continues to press the idea into
beth that this is all in her mind as she
ponders this the train bears down on
josh
then the police bust in guns drawn
wellness check [ __ ] you better be doing
all right and they find that she
attempted to stop all of this nonsense
by turning off her brain
on the line we hear that jenna has
retrieved josh and he's fine
other than the general weirdness of
course in the denouement we see that
beth is with josh forever now a
vegetable after her accident
and as they all turn in for the night
josh rips off his goodnight list for
very important people
oh man
i have a website set up where you can
support the channel through donations or
merch
i'd like to take a moment to give a huge
thanks to my donors memorialized in the
hall of headshots
[Music]
z was fair to middling and had some good
scares and setup and i can see where
they tried to inject specific plot
points for foreshadowing and call back
later in the story
that's all good but overall the script
played out kind of like some folks had
the opportunity to make a movie and
tried to think of some cool scary scenes
and then build a story around them but
it was well executed overall if you
enjoyed the video i'd love for you to
become part of the channel by
subscribing thanks for watching